[beeping]
[Karino] What?
A miniseries?
The story you wrote for last week's issue
seems to have gotten
some pretty good reviews.
Really?
Surprisingly. [chuckles dryly]
I need you to flesh out that story
so we can turn it into
a three-part series,
or maybe a long-term series.
-No way.
-[twinkling]
This is a turning point, Karino.
-[Karino] Right. Uh…
-[cell phone ringing]
Sorry. I need to go.
[man] I get it. I try to avoid setting
our meetings for weekday afternoons.
Sorry about that.
Don't worry about it.
Thanks for your help.
[man] Your schedule is about
to get very crowded from here on out.
Will you be able
to balance work and Kotaro?
Yeah. I think I can handle it.
I'll simply make time for both.
Hmm. I believe that.
-[birds chirping]
-[children screaming]
Hey, Kotaro! Time to go!
I'm here to take you home!
Um, hi! May I ask who you are?
Oh, of course. Silly me.
Name's Nitta. I'm a friend of Shin Karino.
I'm here to pick up Kotaro.
Wanna see my ID?
I promise I'm not a creeper.
If that's settled,
you ready to go, Kotaro?
One moment.
To be sure you are who you say you are,
please describe Sir Karino.
[Nitta] Hmm. He's precocious.
Shin's just about as lazy as he looks.
Aye. 'Tis true.
[Tohko] Wait. That's it?
Let's go.
Shin's busy, so it's just you and me.
-Understandable.
-[whimsical music playing]
Please pardon me while I retrieve
my hat and shoes, my lady.
Could you give this to Mr. Karino?
He already knows
that the show is coming up,
but a little reminder never hurts.
Kindergarten showcase?
This is coming up.
[kids chattering indistinctly]
[birds chirping]
Dear lady,
are you among Sir Karino's ex-girlfriends?
Yep. I'll be staying here a few days
while I sort out some life stuff.
Interesting]
Please allow me to introduce myself.
I am Kotaro Sato.
I'm Nitta Akane. Nice to meet you.
Huh? Nitta, I thought you said
you were going out shopping?
Yeah. I lied.
I picked up Kotaro at kindergarten.
I know you're busy, so--
And what about you?
It's not safe to leave school
with a person you've never met.
She professed to know you.
[Karino] And you believed her
without proof?
Anyway…
Nitta, did his teacher give you
a bulletin or anything for me?
[Nitta] Nope. Not a thing.
[doorbell rings]
THREE DAYS EARLIER
[Nitta] Long time no see.
Nitta? W-what are you doing here?
Had another fight with my boyfriend,
so I need a place to crash at.
You don't mind
if I stay here for a few days, right?
What? How long do you expect to--
[Nitta] Oh, hey! Manga!
Are you writing again?
That's so great for you.
I thought you stopped drawing.
You said you were over it.
[Karino] Yeah. I was.
I was pretty down on myself back then.
-[yawning]
-Have a late night?
Yeah. Later than usual.
If I do a good job, they may even
turn the piece into a full series.
[Nitta gasping] That's great!
You're finally getting your shot!
-I know.
-[cell phone ringing]
Make yourself at home, okay?
I've gotta head out for a bit.
[Nitta] Anything I can do to help?
I don't mind pitching in.
And that seems like the least I can do.
No. Thanks. I gotta go pick him up.
[door closes]
Him, who?
[melancholy music playing]
STRAIGHT FROM THE GARDEN!
FRESH VEGETABLES
[sighing] This is a bad idea.
For the time being, I'm gonna be the one
walking you to school every day
and picking you up after.
[Kotaro] Hmm?
Look. The truth is Shin's working
really hard to meet his editor's deadline.
He's been up all night working,
he's totally exhausted,
but there's still so much left
for him to do.
Add to that having to get you
to and from school,
take you to the store and the bathhouse?
There's no way he can get it all done.
So, it'll be just
you and me for now. All right?
[door opens]
[Nitta] Hey. I'm back.
-[door closes]
-[Karino] Where'd you go?
[Kotaro] Has he thought of me
as a burden this whole time?
We'll get even stronger!
Aye!
He said we'd get stronger together.
Was that just a lie?
Have I been a burden to Sir Karino?
I will no longer
go with you to the bathhouse.
What? Why not?
From this moment on,
you do not need to walk me to school,
or to the store, or anywhere at all.
What's up with you?
-[Nitta] Kotaro, you coming?
-[Karino] Hmm?
Shouldn't you be working?
Don't you have a lot more writing
to do before your deadline?
I got Kotaro. Don't worry about it.
You didn't have to come.
You know you don't have time
for this kind of stuff.
This stuff?
I'm just saying, it's a big project
and your manga career is on the line.
You don't think Kotaro understands that?
It all makes sense now.
Did you say something to him?
Not that much.
[Karino] Look.
I'm not changing my regular routine.
[birds chirping]
-Dear lady.
-What's up, kid?
I assume Sir Karino
was working late again last night?
Yeah. Last night was another all-nighter.
That would be the reason
for the zombie-like state he is in.
[Nitta] Shin?
What? What are you doing here?
This is what I do every day.
[Nitta] Oh, come on.
Stop being so stubborn.
-Isn't your deadline tonight?
-[Karino] Say what you want. I'm coming.
[Nitta] Is it
because of the kindergarten showcase?
No way he's coming.
Shin, do you remember what day today is?
You mean my manga deadline?
[Nitta] Anything else?
[Karino] No. Nothing.
Uh, hey!
[Nitta] Almost time for the kid's show.
[Nitta grunting] All right.
I'm going out for a bit.
[Karino] Have fun.
[door opens, closes]
[indistinct chatter]
[Tohko] Welcome, parents,
to the Kindergarten Showcase.
All right, class.
Just like we practiced, okay?
[children] Okay!
[lively piano music playing]
♪ Daddy, Mommy, plus our teacher ♪
♪ And our friends ♪
-[Tohko] Kotaro looks so sad.
-[kids] ♪ Thank you so much ♪
[Karino clears throat]
[Nitta] Shin?
[kids] ♪ Always ♪
[kids clapping rhythmically]
[kids] ♪ As one ♪
-[kids clapping]
-[Karino] That's my boy.
You came?
I thought you'd forgotten about it.
Please. I wouldn't miss this
for the world.
So you were lying.
Well, that makes two of us.
♪ Mr. Birdie, Mr. Wind ♪
♪ Thank you so much, thank you so much ♪
[Tohko] He seemed to perk up for a minute.
[Nitta] Well, what about your manuscript?
[Karino] I'll work on it later.
I've gotten a lot done
in the past few nights, so I'm on-track.
Don't worry about it.
You're just a neighbor, you know?
Not his parent.
It's not your job to look after Kotaro.
I know it is not my job.
So then maybe you shouldn't
get so involved in his life, then.
You know,
a kid is a lot of responsibility.
Regardless,
I can at least be here for him.
Look around.
Every other kid here
has a parent to watch over them
and record these little moments.
[Nitta] Yeah.
[Karino] And these moments,
they're proof of our life.
Proof we really lived.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm not responsible enough
to take care of him.
And who knows?
Tomorrow everything could change
and he could be gone.
[kids] ♪ Mr. Flower, Mr.… ♪
[Karino] So, I've decided
I wanna be there for these little moments.
At least for now.
And you'd sacrifice your career for him?
You know, if it weren't for him,
I wouldn't be this determined
to succeed with my manga.
Because failing
would mean letting him down.
And then he'd think it was his fault.
Oh, I guess I was wrong.
[song ends]
[birds chirping]
[Nitta clears throat]
[Nitta] I want to apologize.
I had it wrong this whole time.
You're the one inspiring Shin
to become a more responsible person.
And you are the one
who motivated him to be a better artist.
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Nitta] He needs you, Kotaro.
So, how about you guys make up?
No time like the present.
[Karino] Lay off.
You're the one who started this.
SHIMIZU APARTMENTS
Huh? What are you doing? You moonwalking?
But of course.
I must always lift you up.
[Nitta] Shin can be pretty unreliable,
but try to take care of him.
[Kotaro] Aye!
[Karino] What is going on with you two?
[man] Tamamori, this is incredible!
We'd love
to sell your shirts in our store.
I'm flattered,
but I've already been approached
by a high-end department store.
[laughing]
-[doorbell rings]
-[man] Hmm?
Yeah. Can I help you?
Hmm?
[cute music playing]
[man groans]
Are you lost or something?
Your shirt, that is a lot of stars.
Oh, this old thing?
It's all the rage.
Of course, the clothes I design
are way cooler than most.
[man groans, sighs]
[man] Hey. You should
take better care of your clothes.
Go home and have your mom wash that.
Better yet, take it to the dry cleaners.
[groaning]
Nope! Can't do that.
Fashion emergency!
Arms up.
Just this once I'll wash it for you.
[sighing heavily]
[man] You poor sweater.
Uh, thank you, kind sir.
[man] Since when am I a cleaning service?
And why did that kid ring my bell anyway?
It's a new design for a t-shirt.
It's cool, right?
Could you tell me
what these letters spell out?
[man] G-O-D.
You get it? It spells "God."
A perfect design!
Totally god-like.
-It is corny.
-What? I…
No. It's not.
It is quite sad how corny it is.
What about it is corny?
[doorbell rings]
[door opens]
Uh…
You again?
[groaning] How did you manage
to stain your shirt again?
This type of stain
should be handwashed with soap,
then put into the washer.
Make sure your mom knows too. Yeah?
[water sloshing]
[man] Here. I'll show you.
[Kotaro] Huh?
[man] Well, what do you think?
Pretty cool in real-life, right?
It is still corny, sir.
I don't get what's corny about it!
[man] So he just comes over
to your house by himself?
Yep.
He's been showing up every day
for, like, three weeks now.
[man 2] You again!
I told you before
to stop ringing my doorbell!
[groans angrily]
[Kotaro] Sir Tamamori,
where have you been?
Huh? Oh.
I'm moving at the end of the week,
so I needed to get some cardboard boxes.
You're moving away from here?
Guess I'm not special.
You've been out here ringing everyone's
doorbell now haven't you?
You really shouldn't do that.
You're bothering everyone.
[clattering]
Oh, hey. The shirt!
I nailed it this time.
Even you'll have to agree
that the design looks cool.
The sample should be here tomorrow.
You wanna check it out?
I bet it's corny.
[Tamamori groaning] Hey!
[footsteps receding]
-Tamamori.
-Hmm?
He doesn't seem to be
ringing your doorbell as a prank.
Huh?
He looks lonely.
I don't think he has any friends.
If I had to guess,
I'd say his parents leave him alone a lot.
[Tamamori] Huh? What?
I knew a kid like that
when I was in elementary school.
His parents
left him home alone all the time.
He started coming to my house
and staying till it got dark.
Kids can get pretty lonely by themselves.
[somber music playing]
TYPICAL ACTS OF NEGLECTED CHILDREN
-RING STRANGER DOORBELLS
You're bothering everyone.
Check it out!
My masterpiece has finally arrived!
I was going
to sell these shirts in stores,
but I think you need them more.
[bag rustling]
These are brand-new.
I won't be here
to help wash your clothes anymore,
so try to keep them clean, okay?
It's just like the one you drew.
Only I could pull off
a design like this one.
Thank you.
I'm sorry if I bothered you
by ringing your doorbell all the time.
[Tamamori sighing]
Go on.
You keep ringing all the doorbells
of as many houses as you can find.
[Kotaro] Hmm?
[Tamamori] Not everyone
will be happy about it.
and some people might not answer at all,
but don't worry about them.
You keep at it.
Keep ringing doorbells
until you find what you're looking for.
You, take care.
[Karino] Hey.
I've been meaning to ask you.
You wear that shirt, like, every day.
Do you like it that much?
Oh, this? Indeed. It is corny, right?
I know, but I like it.
[Karino] Really?
[motorcycle engine revving]
[man] Oh man!
Leave it to me to wake up sick
on my first solo route!
All right. This is the last delivery.
Unit 203.
[footsteps approaching]
-Oh! Good morning!
-[lively music playing]
[Kotaro] You, sir,
are from Asagao Newspaper, correct?
A pleasure to meet you. I am Kotaro Sato.
Uh, hi there!
Thank you for your subscription.
I have been waiting.
I was afeared something happened
to you on your way over.
[man] Yeah. Sorry about that.
It's been kind of a rough morning.
That's a lot of newspapers.
How many did you subscribe to?
Five, all tolled.
By the way, Sir Delivery Man,
I do hope your rough morning has improved.
Uh, yeah. It's fine! Thank you for asking!
Oh, what a respectful kid.
His parents must have taught him well.
Right on time today. [chuckling]
Oh. Guess he hasn't come
to collect them all yet?
Can't believe he gets so many.
[man gasping]
Wait. All these papers get delivered to
"Kotaro Sato."
Huh. The subscriptions
are under the kid's name?
ASAGAO NEWSPAPER
Mr. Yokoi, do you remember
who signed the contract
for Unit 203 at the Shimizu Apartments?
Did it happen to be signed
by a kid named Kotaro Sato?
Yeah.
I remember thinking
it was a little strange
he didn't live with his parents.
What?
[somber music playing]
[man] Kotaro is so nice.
I bet someone talked him
into subscribing to that many papers.
[Yokoi] I remember thinking
it was a little strange
he didn't live with his parents.
-[dog barking]
-[footsteps approaching]
[man] Sorry I'm a little late today.
I couldn't sleep. My brain
was going a mile a minute.
I am glad you are safe.
[man gasping] He's so nice!
Kotaro, was there someone
who made you buy these?
You don't have to get five newspapers.
I can get you out of the contract.
I have no desire to cancel them.
[man] Huh?
It is imperative that I receive
a new paper each and every day.
Do you really need that many papers?
[Kotaro] May I ask a favor of you?
If you happen to notice
two or more days go by,
and you see papers piling up,
I ask that you check on me.
I do not wish to burden you, sir,
but I live on my own.
[man sighing]
Um…
Yeah.
I can do that.
[birds chirping]
[doorbell rings]
[footsteps approaching]
Good morrow.
Morning.
[door closes]
Did you finish reading the papers?
Indeed.
I found no trace of my mother
or my father's names written anywhere.
Oh, yeah? Well, that's good.
Aye.
Nothing grievous to report
according to the newspapers this week.
It appears
that my mother and father are safe.
[bird squawking]
[anchor] I'm reporting live
from outside the shopping arcade.
Normally, you'd expect an arcade
to have a bustling atmosphere…
[inaudible]
[anchor] …but
the Konomi Station Shopping arcade
is a quiet area filled with kind people.
There's even a flower shop
just down the street.
[doorbell rings]
Hey. What's up?
Uh, Sir Karino, I must ask you a question.
Do you happen to know
how to get to Konomi Station?
Uh,
it's been a while, but yeah, I do.
Do you need to go?
Aye.
I believe I have been there before,
but I cannot recall the exact location.
I had planned to go there myself--
How many times
have I told you not to travel alone?
Tell me. I'll go with you.
[melancholy music playing]
Yes, sir.
It is settled.
We shall leave on the morrow!
Sure. Sounds good to me.
[laughter on TV]
[lively music playing]
You're a liar.
What are you talking about?
[Kotaro] Yesterday we agreed
we would leave "on the morrow."
You're a liar.
[Karino groaning] Give me a break.
I wasn't lying.
You see me rushing around
to get dressed, right?
It's not like I meant to sleep in.
[pouting] You do know that I am
more than capable of traveling on my own.
Yeah? Well, it's a good thing you didn't
because I looked up
the place you wanted to go.
It's so far
you probably couldn't find it by yourself.
Now quit whining.
I'm just looking out for you.
You say that and yet you still slept in.
You, Sir Neighbor, are a liar.
[Karino] Come on. Don't be like that.
You really gotta stop doubting me.
Haven't lied to you yet. Why start now?
And besides,
lying just really isn't
my cup of tea anyway.
So you can just quit
worrying about it already.
Got it?
Next time I'm going to set
all of the clocks in your house
two hours ahead.
[Karino] Don't do that.
That's… that's mean.
ENTRY PROHIBITED
[Karino] Konomi Station,
blue roof, lots of trees.
Huh.
Well, this isn't very much
to go on, is it?
Where is it we're trying to go, anyway?
The flower shop.
[Karino] You wanna buy flowers?
They are a sidequest.
The final destination of this journey
should be relatively close
to the flower shop.
[melancholy music playing]
[Karino] A cemetery? So is this--
[Kotaro] Aye.
Do you know the location?
I have been here before.
My mother brought me one time.
Though I will admit, the memory is fuzzy.
[bird chirping]
WAMIYA FAMILY GRAVE
It has been far too long
since I was able to visit
the final resting place
of my mother's parents.
I wanted to pay my respects.
[Karino] Oh.
So this is his grandparents' grave.
Hey, Kotaro. Were you really close
to your grandma and grandpa?
I never had the pleasure of knowing them
as they passed away before I was born.
One day I would like
to ask my mother all about them.
Makes sense.
One day, huh?
Well, I hope he's able to, eventually.
[bell rings]
All right.
Firstly, I shall clean the grave.
[Karino] Great. Is it okay if I help?
[Kotaro] I would appreciate that.
[bucket clatters]
Pardon, Mr. and Mrs. Wamiya.
I will start cleaning the lower sections.
[Karino] So Wamiya,
was that your mother's maiden name?
Aye. 'Tis true.
My mother was born "Sayori Wamiya."
Her name looks like this.
[finger scraping]
Beautiful, isn't it?
Yeah. That's a really beautiful name.
Sayori Wamiya.
Then Sato must be his dad's last name.
Hmm?
[gasping]
[birds chirping]
[melancholy music playing]
Sir Karino, how long
are you planning to stand in that spot?
Huh?
Cleaning is complete.
Flowers and incense have been offered.
You should also pay respects
to this side of the grave.
[Karino] That doesn't
really matter, right?
I'm still paying my respects
from over here.
Besides, this is about you.
I am not moving.
I do not like it.
For you, sir,
are disrupting my concentration.
[Karino] I am absolutely not moving.
Well, then don't look at me.
[Kotaro] I cannot help it
if you are right in front of me.
Well, too bad.
There is no way I can let him see this.
I don't know exactly what happened,
but what I do know
is that his mother
is already gone.
Sir Grandpa, Lady Grandma,
I have been quite well
since I last visited.
Please keep watching over me.
Perhaps, if
my mother comes to visit you,
you could tell her
that I am doing excellently.
That I have a good, healthy life.
[footsteps approaching]
[Kotaro gasping]
Watch your step there. Okay?
[girl] Okay!
[woman laughing]
-Sir Karino?
-[Karino] Yeah?
Will I
be able to see my mother again one day?
[Karino] I…
I have to do this.
Even if it means
you'll hate me for it someday.
Sir Karino?
[Karino] I am going to lie.
Of course.
[melancholy music playing]
Indeed.
Sir Karino, you are a man of your word!
So, if you tell me that there is a chance,
then I shall believe it is true!
For I know you would never lie to me!
[Karino] Yeah. That's right.
Hey.
The next time
you go visit your grandparents,
promise me you'll let me
come with you again. Okay?
I will honor your request,
but why do you want to come?
[Karino] One reason is to make sure
he doesn't see
his mom's name on that grave.
But there's another reason.
To tell his mom about how he's doing,
and share all the stories
of him growing up.
[Kotaro] Hmm?
Look. Maybe I have my own respects
that I'd like to pay there as well.
I still do not understand,
but that is fine!
You shall accompany me there
as my loyal subject!
[Karino] Aye, my lord.
Oh, hey! You're back!
[Isamu laughing]
Very well met, Sir Tamaru.
And you as well, Lady Takei.
Uh, yeah. And you too.
Well, somebody's
in a good mood, huh, Kotaro?
Aye. As of now,
Sir Karino is officially my loyal subject.
Wait. Hold on.
So Kotaro is now in charge of Karino?
Uh, no. You can just disregard
all of this nonsense.
Yeah. That sounds about right for Karino.
Consider it a true honor,
since you are my first loyal subject.
Well, you do follow him around the most.
What? Why is everybody ganging up on me?
'Tis your fault. You did sleep in.
[scoffs] Come on.
Do we have to keep going back to that?
[Takei laughing]
Kotaro!
Loyal subjects should never oversleep.
Understood?
Hmm.
[all laughing]
[music ends]
[ending theme song playing]
[music fades]